​​Hi Kelly,

Great job with this assignment! I was able to confirm from your submission that you successfully demonstrated a working understanding of organizational security measures, risks and training steps that can be taken to address the security implications of allowing sensitive work information to be shared on employees' personal devices! It looks like you set measurements for realistic goals that the training would conduct as well as involve the necessary stakeholders to ensure organizational agreement on the steps that would be taken, so great work there. Good work with the roles and responsibilities breakdown. Not only were these accurate, but they demonstrate understanding of the security players in an organization. More than just involving the right people, it looks like your training plan is detailed and analytical. Moreover, you were also able to describe clear steps you would take to measure the effectiveness of the training. It also looks like you were also able to work on the bonus, so great work there as well. Overall, your delivery came out formal and professional.

In terms of feedback, the organizational goal to reach for employee behavior could benefit from further review. In practice, this would be a structured metric (ex. SMART goals) that provides key details that upholds an organization’s priorities. For more information on SMART goals: https://www.atlassian.com/blog/productivity/how-to-write-smart-goals. For the employees or departments involved there might be some improvements to consider, the intention was to have students provide at least five key departments or positions alongside explanations of each role’s responsibilities in a comprehensive and formal format. Additionally, it might be helpful to add detail here such as specific action items for the initiative that each stakeholder would deliver. I’d consider reviewing the RACI matrix model: https://www.cio.com/article/287088/project-management-how-to-design-a-successful-raci-project-plan.html & https://www.adnovum.com/blog/cybersecurity-culture.

Great work here!

JH
Central Grader, Jan 15 at 5:08pm
